>> Richard Feldman: Here in our read-me,
we see,
and we're gonna open the source
route.elm and resolve the to-dos there.
So this is going to be based on
the very first thing that we looked at,
which is to say mapping urls to routes.
This is a very quick exercise, and
it's essentially just to get familiar with
this DSL for going from URLs to routes.
So we have a couple of these already
mapped out, to go from login and
logout in profile,
to the corresponding route.
And the goal is to sort
of finish the list off.
Is to handle these different scenarios for
settings, register, article,
which contains a slug, editor and
editor with a slug, and
to map those to the corresponding route.
As a quick hint, article and edit article
work similarly to how a profile works.